Hello Everyone. OK, check out this game.
I can't actually pronounce it so it's called
Ex-Zeus.
It's just almost unintelligible.
Anyway, other than having a slightly
unpronounceable name, it has some
quite interesting gameplay.
Very very Japanese style as you might
expect
from having a slightly crazy name that I think
gets lost in translation somewhere.
The idea is giant robots. Giant robots with guns, enemy robots with guns,
you blow things up.
Use your gyroscope
to have to dodge around  and what have you,
and shoot
and so it's like 3D Bullet Storm Hell
which if anybody
likes Bullet Storm Hell games
you're going to absolutely love this.
The graphics are really fast paced,
quite fun
gameplay as well but quite challenging,
it's a difficult, difficult  game.
You get power-ups as you go along, and
there are giant bosses
at the end which are going to require quite a
bit of concentration and
skill to actually beat.
Like any Bullet Storm Hell game, it's
quite tricky made even more difficult
I suppose
because it's in 3D so you're kind of having
to think about
a whole lot more while you play
and talking becomes difficult.
Where are those big bombs, I'll
use them again?
You've got missiles, guns, you name it, it's
all there, you've got to avoid the geometry or
it will kill you.
It's a real cracker of a title, I'll tell you.
I think it's going to be one that people have
to spend quite a long time trying to master.
The graphics are just top notch and the frame
rate is really solid.
They've done a great job on this.
I'm not sure who the developers particularly are,
they must be Japanese, I'd assume.
Well done guys, this is a really really
cracking game.
Full of action,
I think honestly, go grab it.
I can't pronounce it, you'll have to just
write it down
It's ExZeus
something like that
but
great bit of fun.
Die, die die everyone!